Add "type" param to Duo push (#22)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: duo_auth/help.md

#### Options

> The "Options" field is used to specify additional parameters that may be necessary depending on the authentication factor selected. "Options" accepts the following parameters in json format `username`, `passcode`, `pushinfo`, `type`.

Reviewer: Capitalize JSON

Author: 👍

> Example:

Reviewer: We use Example output as a convention for showing the output of actions in JSON, in most plugins. Here, let's mention this is the opposite to avoid confusion.

```suggestion
Example input:

```

* 0.1.0 - Initial plugin
* 0.1.1 - SSL bug fix in SDK
* 1.0.0 - Update to v2 Python plugin architecture | Support web server mode | Update to new credential types | Add example output

> * 1.0.1 - Add "type" parameter option to Duo push

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 1.0.1 - Support `type` parameter as `push_type` in the `options` input of the Auth action
```
